www.braininnovationtechnologies.com

Can we improve our brain? Make it better?
Yes we can, believe it or not.
Imagine brains: your brains, the brains of anyone, can increase its
productivity.
10 % more, 30 % more, 50 % or even 80 % or more.
Would that change your life? How different would your life be?!!
======(dit bovenstaande als blikvanger, om interesse op te wekken
verder te lezen.
Daarna een verdere stap: wie zit er achter? ==========
The team that discovered that we can indeed enlarge the capacity of
our brains. Everyone’s.
A group of brain performance expert-scientists have found out how. They
compared 20 years of research of EEG (brain wave patterns) research
on a method to easily improve a person’s brain functioning. Easily yes.
Without any effort. That anyone can do.
No: no medication needed, not by using drugs. Not by implants. No
change of lifestyle needed: no believe or conviction needed even. One
practices by sitting comfortably with the eyes closed and practice
mentally, at home or at the office.
They claim to have found a very efficient, easy to practice method, to
make one’s brain perform much more efficient, starting to use its full
potential. And then increase creativity, intelligence, understanding things
quicker, absorb information faster. And: Make one more stress resilient.
Applicable to everyone, and to every organization that wants to cope with
burnout, fatigue, underperformance. Or for organisations searching
clever brains to employ, facing stiff competition, thus prepare for
innovative, game-changing technologies.
Our offer
When you consider to introduce the method to the employees
working in your organization, our proposal includes to assemble an

initial sufficient large group of people. Than measure the brainwave
patterns (EEG) of each person before they get the instruction in the
method, and again 3 months after the instruction.
Then show some significant changes have taken place, such as the
appearance of special frequencies that indicate more wellbeing, restful
alertness. Better integration, interaction, of different parts of the brain.

- Afdeling 1
Here is the Team:
Photo’s, cv’s – Jacques, Raymond, Geertjan.
PS we could include Fred Travis, and an EEG expert at Camebridge
University (UK)

-Afdeling 2. De method
Describe TM (and TM Siddhi’s ??)

-Afdeling 3: The research the Team studied with care.
2 afdelingen:
(i) EEG-onderzoeken (downloadbaar) +
(ii) Ondersteunend onderzoeken, zoals reducing burn-out, beter
leervermogen, concentratie, normalisering bloeddruk,
huidweerstand: betere stress bestendigheid (resilience), less
fatigue. Etc. etc.
(iii) Misschien ook Robert Schneider’s link erin zetten??
Geeft wat breder beeld wellicht van effecten, zoals op diabetis,
hoge bloeddruk/hartfalen, dementie, etc.
(iv) ………

- Afdeling 4. What do I get from this method, what benefits will it give
me?

You will feel more rested, calm and happy. The inner feeling of peace will
start to rise and dominate your actions. Circumstances you lived in,
causing pressure sometimes or all the time, that looked threatening
even, will affect you less and less. You perceive less headwind, become
more capable to solve things from within. Feeling stronger.
You will experience that difficult situations will cause less friction inside,
and that you can handle circumstances that would normally affect you in
a negative sense, more easily and with more satisfactory results.
You can cope better with stressfull situations, feeling more comfortable
from inside to handle things. You get more resilient. Capable of handling
things.
Your alertness will increase, and you will understand things at more
depth, find connections between things more quickly. Complexity of
problems no longer turn out to be too much of a hurdle to take.
Feel more at ease from within with yourself, as well as with life as such.
Life will show more value to you. Relationships deepen. Things seem to
fall into place more often.
From a physical point of view: your sleep becomes more restful. Your
anxiety levels decrease and energy levels increase.
Here’s some findings you may expect:
-----------some research, but no overload.

- Afdeling 5: Can I offer this practice to my employees? What will it do for
my organization?
-

Organizations will notice more stress resilience and less burnout in their
organization. People being more capable to cope with challenges and
pressure. Consequently less sick-leave.
Also, people will come up more with creative ideas, as well as better
conduct: adherence to corporate policies. Better company atmosphere.
More openness, willingness to cooperate with colleagues. Employees will
turn out to be more valuable to your organization and contribute more
to its objectives.
- Afdeling 6: Persoonlijke ervaringen –TESTIMONIALS – many can be
found at NL and Belgian, other, websites of national organisations!!
Lichamelijk
Geestelijk
Sociaal
- Afdeling 7: FAQ
 Is TM different from other techniques, such as Mindfulnes, Yoga?
 This all sounds wonderful, but are there any negative aspects?
 Are there any costs involved to start?


- Contact us:
info@braininnovationtechnologies.com
info@bit.com
inf0@.......com? nl?

-

PS graag meer uitleg, input wat een organisatie er aan heeft als TM
wordt aangeboden aan personeel
